A mechanical check that no text from a real transcript is in this branch. 2026-09-17. COUNTS AND FILE NAMES ONLY.

How: a scratch script outside the repository read every Claude transcript on the owner's machine with this branch's own reader
(so only closing assistant messages, the one kind of text the verb can ever take), and for each of the 1,561 closing messages took
every 60-character run, 20 characters apart, in two forms: as written, and as this branch's cleaner would have written it. It then
asked whether each run appears anywhere in `git diff repo-manager..task/derive-the-journal`. It printed numbers and the names of
diff files, never a run, and kept nothing.

Result:
  diff size                         349,124 characters (whitespace squashed)
  closing messages checked          1,561, from 235 transcripts
  runs checked                      335,910
  runs found in the diff            22, from 3 messages
  of those, already on the base     22   (the same run is in a commit message or a tracked file of repo-manager)
  of those, not on the base         0

Where the 22 fall, by diff file: CLAUDE.md 17, AGENTS.md 17, docs/repo-manager-vision.md 5, evidence/wording.diff 5 (a run can fall in
more than one file). All four are files whose diff carries unchanged lines of the generated instruction block or of the vision document
as context. So the matches run the other way round: three past sessions once quoted sentences of those documents in their closing
messages, and those sentences were in the repository before this branch. No run falls in a journal file, a test, a fixture, a note,
or any other evidence file.

What else backs the statement:
  - no .jsonl file is added (evidence/no-real-home.txt); every fixture transcript is built in code from invented text
  - the one derived entry committed on this branch is for a task with no recorded session: the run read 0 sessions and 0 records
    (evidence/real-landed-task.txt), and its text is five commit subjects and Reggie's own sentences
  - the one real run that did read a transcript was a dry run whose output was cut to its last line by the pipe before anything
    saw it (evidence/real-session-summary.txt); it wrote nothing
  - the three measuring probes print counts only (evidence/real-transcripts-measured.txt)
